# Ganon Fernano Selada Von Demont

**Player**: jänkhä

## Synopsis

Ganon is the only son of Elania Von Demont and Richard Gammon, a high-elven
sorceress from the respected house of Von Demont and a common mercenary.

The house of Von Demont was a highly respected house of magicians that once
upon a time was the ruling house of Aran.

## Story begins here
 
Elania and Richard met when a high elven caravan transporting the matriarch of
the Von Demont (Ganon’s great-grandmother) family and her advisors got ambushed
by the house An-Gilash, another high-elven house who held their house as the
rightful rulers of Aran. The ambush was devastating. Killing most of the
highborns of house Von Demont. Only Elania and her brother Elias managed to
escape into the woods. Here they ran into Richard and his comrades who were
returning from a campaign. Elania and Elias told of their situation Richard
(aka Bob) promised to help them, for a price. "For the hand of such a fair
maiden, I'll do anything."  After politely refusing Elania and Elias agreed to
pay Richard a generous sum should he escort them to safety of their keep and
protect them from the An-Gilash.

They got to the keep and when Richard was about to ask for his payment
An-Gilashian soldiers surrounded them and offered to pay Richard whatever they
had agreed on to leave and let the An-Gilash take care of Elania and Elias.
Richard, a man of his word, refused and a battle ensued. Elias and most of
Richards' men fell, covering their retreat from the keep. 

After the surviving members had gotten away from the An-Gliashian troops
Richard gave his share of the last campaign's earnings to his men and told them
to go look for better paying jobs. He was now honor bound to Elania. He would
stay by her side as long as he had fulfilled his promise.

The An-Gilash were hell bent on getting rid of the last remaining Von Demont in
any way they could and resorted in employing an assassin who promised to make
sure Elania would not be a factor in the great power struggle. The assassin
managed to infiltrate Elania’s and Richards’ hideout, incapacitate both of them
and slip an Illithid tadpole into Elanias eye. Then the assassin just left,
leaving the two confused and horrified.

The assassin did not know the power of Eliania, since she was able to thwart
the tadpoles feasting. This was and is still not a small feat and basically
renders Eliania incapable of using magic, since all of her power goes into
keeping the tadpole at bay.

Elania and Richard retreated far away from Aran where they would be safe from
the An-Gilash. Richard managed to convince Elania to let this one go and be
happy that she was still alive. After ten years Ganon Fernando Selada Von
Demont was born.
 
Ganon lived in a rather poor household. His mother created potions from the
ingredients they could find and his father sold them on the market. His early
years were spent playing in the streets of the town and helping his parents
every now and then. From an early age he had a knack with people, and their
belongings. Ganon was extremely gifted with sleight of hand and would perform
card tricks for people around the town while at the same time removing excess
money from their purses. His father would find this extremely funny, but his
mother didn't think this was acceptable behavior for the heir of house Von
Demont. His father would show Ganon a few tricks to expand his repertoire while
his mother wasn't looking.
 
Despite magic running strong in the Von Demont family, Ganon never showed any
signs of magical affinity. This was a source of great grief for his mother
since she had hoped Ganon would be able to continue the magical lineage of
their family. Even though Ganon never expressed magical abilities his mind
would be more than a suitable substitute for them later on. His first psychic
outburst happened when he was running away from a neighboring city's guards and
all loose objects behind him fell over to close the alley he was running on.
Ganon had no idea what had happened but could feel a turmoil inside his head.
His mother was delighted to hear this and knew immediately what it was.
Psionics. Apparently the Illithid tadpole  inside her had altered the magical
nature of her son’s talents.

She had no idea how to train her son, but that didn’t dissuade her from trying.
She would teach Ganon small cantrips he was able to use after they altered
their incantations together. He would adapt these newfound talents to his
performances with great success. Together with Elanias potions and Ganon’s
performances and swindells they were able to rise from poverty and get a small
chicken farm.

Ganon was never a big fan of physical labor so instead of chicken farming he
would infiltrate high society with his gifts. Lying his way into great balls
and removing all extra valuables from the premise. To his mother he told that
he was being tutored by a scholar and that he was helping him with his work and
getting paid that way. The money Ganon was making with his illicit activities
was still way too much from a scholar's apprentice and he would go about giving
it away to his old friends in the slums and outskirts. He wasn’t so keen on the
money itself, rathern on the thrill of the deception.

Ganon’s family lived a rather well off life for some years, before the
An-Gilash sent another assassin to take care of Ganon, whom they see as a
possible threat to their reign. The assassin wasn’t able to carry out the deed
but managed to escape Ganon and his fathers wrath. Gladly he never saw or heard
of Elania, had he done so, they might have sent more assassins to finish the
job left undone all those years ago.

Ganon decided that it was his time to leave since the An-Gilash would most
likely send more men after him. Now he travels the world, evading assassins and
looking to make a name of himself. Maybe he can find a way to cure his mother
of the Illithid tadpole and together they could try and reclaim Aran for their
family.

Nowadays Ganon poses as Richard Astarion of Talmion Royal court. The great
philanthropist and a public servant whose wealth comes from multiple chicken
farms looking to spread his trade across the whole continent.
