# Anthien: God of Order
Anthien is the god of order and laws. He is harsh but just god. If you follow
the laws set by your local administration you have nothing to fear from Anthien
or his followers. Anthien's disciples are required to be expert lawyers and
have an unwavering moral compass. The more laws you know the higher in the
hirarchy you will be.

Anthien will not allow anyone to flee from their judgement as is known to
intervine in court when a guilty criminal is about to be absolved from their
crimes. 

Anthien and his followers despise demons and devils. If a disciple of Anthien
runs into a demon they will do their best to bind the demon to an obsidian
statue which they always carry with them. After the demon or devil is bound
they will send the statue to the Hall of the Lawless in Anthiens Great Chappel
where they are stored until the end of time.

## Disciples of Anthien
The disciples af Anthien are broken down into five different orders that all carry
out their god's will in different ways

### Justicar
Anthiens worshippers are best known from their wandering clerics, Justicars.
They wander around the lands looking for people to help but first and foremost
they make sure the local laws are enforced. They will act as the judge, jury
and the executioner if need be.

### Adjucator
They make sure negotiations are made in good faith and that all parties are
sincere. They will bring down judgement on those who try to deceive the other
parties.

### Arbiter
Custodians of chappels and record keepers. They are revered due to their
immense knowledge of the laws around the world. They are the non-militant
order of Anthiens followers and usually act as more mundane judges. Many
Arbiters also find their way into courts as royal advisors.

### Magister
In towns and cities as part of the justice system helping the administartors to
write new laws and make sure that they are upheld.

### Intercessor
Intercessors are the criminal hunters that travel around the world hunting for
lawbrakers that their god has deemed guilty. Unlike Justicars, who travel the
world in search of injustice, Intercessors always have a target. They will not
stop before they have delireved the judgement Anthien has seen fit for the
criminal. This might be anything from a fine to a gruesome death. Intercessors
don't take orders from anyone else than Anthien himself. They will help the
Arbiters in maintining the chappels when they are not on a hunt, or sometimes
join a Justicar on their journeys. This is the only order that does not carry
an obsidian statue with them, since once their hunt begins they will not stop
for anything. Not even for demons or devils.
