# The Four

The Four is a name given to the deities Anior, Yrmiel, Gilash and Lepron.  

Rahter than baing actual gods, The Four are more of manifestations of emotions
and ideas felt by all the races. They live in their own plane known as the Sea
of Emotions and wage eternal war against each other trying to get the upper
hand over each other by influencing the mortal realms. The Four rarely
interract with mortals directly, but rather have their demons and angels do the
work for them.

All of The Four have both demons and angels working for them, since none of them
are strictly neither good nor evil. These angels and demons seek out mortals
who embody certain aspects of their master and 

## Anior

Anior embodies the ideals of strength, honor, and order. He favors those who
embody these qualities, but his favor is not limited to the virtuous. He also
favors those who are brutal and savage, as long as they do not resort to
dishonorable tactics. Anior has been known to grant his favor to violent
murderers who are true to their word and never back down from a fight. His
followers are often skilled warriors who value strength and honor above all
else, but they can also be ruthless and unforgiving.

## Yrmiel

Yrmiel embodies the qualities of deception, change, and chaos. He favors those
who are cunning and adept at deception, but he also favors those who seek to
bring about change and innovation. Yrmiel has been known to grant his favor to
exceptionally cunning deceivers, but he also favors those who use their talents
for good. His followers are often rogues, tricksters, and spellcasters who
value their freedom and their ability to outsmart their enemies, but they can
also be unpredictable and dangerous.

## Gilash

Gilash embodies the qualities of excess, creativity, and pride. He favors those
who are bold and ambitious, but his favor can also be granted to those who
succumb to their darker impulses. Gilash has been known to grant his favor to
those who indulge in excess and hedonism, but he also favors those who push the
boundaries of creativity and achievement. His followers are often artists,
artisans, and performers who value their individuality and their ability to
stand out, but they can also be vain and self-absorbed. 

## Lepron

Lepron embodies the ideals of life, death, and rebirth. He favors those who
embrace the cycle of life and death and seek to understand its mysteries.
Lepron has been known to grant his favor to healers and shamans who use their
knowledge of the natural world to cure disease and ease suffering. However, he
also favors those who carry mortal diseases and are willing to spread them, as
he sees them as agents of the natural order. His followers are often
caretakers, herbalists, and morticians who value their connection to the cycles
of life and death, but they can also be aloof and detached from the concerns of
the living.
