# The Fairy Sieges - Keijupiiritykset

15 years ago in the county of Termar there was a very bloody war between they 
Harengon and Gnomes. Apparently the Harengon had come from the Faywild to set 
up a colony, but didn’t know they were doing so in the lands already owned by
the gnomes of Lethion. A democratic town in the South Western Termar. A tribe of
Speakers happened by and saw the wounded harengons and decided to help. They
were told that when the harengon first came here, the gnomes attacked without a
warning and slaughtered everyone they saw. Afterwards the harengon came back
with backups and laid siege on Lethion while they were building their own
settlement in the woods. After settlement was built, the siege was laid off and
all out war began. The gnomes didn’t want to let the harengon settle in their
woods and the harengon didn’t want to leave. This is the time the Speakers came
into the picture. They helped the harengon and gnomes alike - without taking
part in the conflict itself - for a time and after multiple sieges of each
others settlemts, they decided to call a truce and the gnomes offered to let the
harengon stay if they paid taxes to Lethion as well as moved their settlement to
a plave of their choosing. The harengon accepted and an unsteady peace was
formed.

<details> 
<summary>SPOILERS!!!!</summary>
Why the gnomes attacked? The Harengon were trespassing on the lands that the
gnomes had used as sacred burial site for ages. They also were eating fruits of
a plant plant known as Corpse Flower - a beautiful red flowered bush that
blossomed upon older graves and that the gnomes revered as sacred.
</details> 
